FK constraint for .texts entities (#388)
cap-js/docs: guides/databases.md

* Associations annotated with `@assert.integrity: false`
* Associations which's source or target entity is annotated with `@cds.persistence.exists` or `@cds.persistence.skip`

If the association is the backlink of a **composition**, the constraint's delete rule changes to `CASCADE`.

> For example that applies to the `parent` association in here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That applies, for example, to the `parent` association in here:
```

}
```

As a special case, a referential constraint with `delete cascade` is also generated

> for text table of a [localized entity](../guides/localized-data#localized-data),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for the text table of a [localized entity](../guides/localized-data#localized-data),
```

although no managed association is present in the `texts` entity.

> Add a localized element to entity `Books`:

Author: ```suggestion
Add a localized element to entity `Books` from the previous example:
```

> Add a localized element to entity `Books` in the example above:

Reviewer: Does the reference to the previous example really matter here? Seems self-contained to me.
```suggestion
Add a localized element to entity `Books` from the previous example:
```

```suggestion
Add a localized element to entity `Books`:
```
